NGINX Plus Release 34 (#343)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/deployment-guides/single-sign-on/oidc-njs/okta.md

> ---
> description: Learn how to enable single sign-on (SSO) with Okta for applications proxied
>   by F5 NGINX Plus.
> docs: DOCS-466
> doctypes:
> - task
> title: Single Sign-On with Okta and njs
> toc: false
> weight: 100
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
description: Learn how to enable single sign-on (SSO) with Okta for applications proxied
  by F5 NGINX Plus.
docs: DOCS-466
type:
- how-to
title: Single Sign-On with Okta and njs
toc: false
weight: 100
product: NGINX-P{LUS
---
```
